That we've already touched on Notepad plus plus.
However in this tutorial I just wanted to reiterate exactly why I use it and prefer it.
Notepad plus plus is a very powerful editor for viewing text and CACP files.
It is much more user friendly than the standard notepad that comes with Windows and has some major advantages
over it for instance.
As you can see here notepad plus plus has ROW numbering which means that you can seamlessly navigate
through your files.
Also the search and replace feature and note plus plus plus is very useful for daughter related work
.
And when using Notepad plus plus you're confident that it will not inadvertently modify your data.
And finally perhaps the biggest advantage for data scientists is that while normal notepad can only
open up files up to fifty four kilobytes notepad plus plus can open up files up to 2 gigabytes.
I highly recommend installing notepad plus plus and completely forgetting about normal notepad